{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16400\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hydrology things to work out:\
\
- how were reference sites selected to compare with dammed / regulated sites?\
- how similar is the hydrology of pre-development dammed sites and these unregulated reference sites?\
- how was this similarity quantified?\
- which comparisons am I going to make? (there are near and far references sites)\
	- what comparisons did Cassie make to investigate her hypothesis 4, and how did she do the 	statistics?	\
	- how did they actually use Gower's dissimilarity? Doesn't it produce a matrix, not a single 	number? You use the matrix to compute a number, right? What number was that? \
- how many direct upstream-downstream comparisons are there?\
- what were the geomorphic characteristics of sites?\
	- river style, geomorphic unit structure\
\
\
Ideas for analyses:\
\
- comparing functional diversity at regulated vs. reference sites:\
	- do regulated sites have different functional diversity compared with reference sites?\
	- if so, what aspect of the multivariate distribution is affected?\
	- how could I include the modification index (gowdis) in the analysis? \
		- how well does modification extent explain differences between regulated vs reference?\
		- would I generate the gowdis from modelled pre regulated vs actual hydrology, or from 		regulated vs. reference? What did Cassie do?\
\
	- permutational multivariate analysis of variance (adonis), using reg/unreg as the groups?\
		- could be used to confirm if reg vs unreg groups are hydrologically different\
		- would it be useful to compare groups according to traits?\
			- not sure how to weight by abundance, although it might be possible \
	- could calculate dissimilarities between reg/unreg sites by hydrology and by traits, then see if	 the dissimilarities are correlated. So "is the degree of hydrological alteration correlated with 	the difference in functional diversity between reg vs unreg ref sites?" \
         - Anderson's (2001?) multivariate homogeneity of variance is suggested for direct comparisons 	of multivariate distributions (specifically 'dispersion' of those distributions, see FDis paper)\
		- not sure how this might compare with just using a linear model / ANOVA to compare FD 		between groups, or adonis\
	- what is canonical correspondence analysis (CCA), what about DCA?\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 - null models / habitat filtering / TGA, specialisation, betaT range\
	- should have enough sampling density to do a better job of things like TGA\
		- i wonder if those sorts of questions might actually be better addressed by FD metrics, though\
	- could use null models to confirm that FD at regulated sites differs from random\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
- does functional diversity track hydrological complexity / heterogeneity?\
	- same analysis as previous study\
	- "can we confirm the results of the previous study at a smaller spatial scale" (how much smaller actually is it?)\
		- 15 forms of biodiversity trend paper (McGill et al. 2014) might be relevant?\
	- could just run FD against PC axes and then try to work out what those axes represent\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- initial PCA over hydro metrics generated from SEQLD hydro data show less dominance of 	PC1, although (on cursory glance) PC1 appears to still be associated with a similar set of 	metrics \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
- riparian flow response guilds / functional groups\
	- generated by hierarchical clustering of species according to traits\
	- can distinct guilds be described in this dataset? \
	- how do their traits describe their ecology?\
	- does the guild composition of sites vary according to hydrology?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- are there particular traits that are strong drivers of ecohydrological strategy (i.e. wood density?) \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
WHAT IS A DISTANCE MATRIX\
- MULTIPLE SITES, MULTIPLE RECORDS FOR EACH SITE	\
\
IMPUTATION PAPER\
\
RING QLD WATER PPL 13 74 68 (13 QGOV) re IQQM data/nodes\
}